At DanCassab, we want you to be pleased with your purchase. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied, you may return or exchange your purchase when eligible. Simply follow the guidelines below:

          FREE RETURN POLICY PROCEDURE

          If for any reason you are not thoroughly pleased with your purchase and want to return it, please contact us by sending an email to: info@dancassab.com  with the Subject: RETURN REQUEST
          Please include your name and order number, and brief statement of the reason for return.

          We will contact you to provide you with a return shipping order label and you will simply have to print the label and drop off at your local DHL collection site.

          Bear in mind that it is very important for your purchase to be eligible for return, that you pack the return shipment using all the original packing materials, and make sure that the shipment return label is at the top of the box. Then take the return package to your local DHL collection site. If you need more help, please send us an email to: info@dancassab.com and we will be pleased to help you.

          If your returned garment presents any kind of damage or alteration to its original sale condition, it will not be eligible for reimbursement and you will have to pay shipping and handling fees for us to send it back to you within 8 labor days after the reimbursement denial notice. Otherwise DanCassab will not be held liable for its return.

          REIMBURSEMENTS

          We will send you an email once we receive your return shipment, to notify you if after inspection of the garment, your return is considered eligible for reimbursement. If accepted, your reimbursement will be processed within the next 10 labor days, and credit will be applied to your original method of payment.

          Keep in mind that it may take several weeks for the credit to appear in your card statement. Any questions regarding the state of your reimbursement must first be directed to your credit card company.

          If your return is determined not to be eligible for reimbursement, we will notify you by email with our explanation.

          EXCHANGES

          We are so confident on the top quality of DanCassab Jackets, that will replace articles in case that you receive them defective, damaged or you need a different size. If you need to make an exchange, please contact us by sending an email to: info@dancassab.com with the Subject: EXCHANGE  REQUEST tell us what you need and we will try our best to make it happen for you.

          In case you are not pleased with the looks of the jacket model you chose, please contact us by sending an email to: info@dancassab.com with the Subject: MODEL EXCHANGE  REQUEST and we will settle with you an arrangement.


          FREE REPAIR SERVICE

          In case that your DanCassab garment suffers any kind of damage to its metallic hardware (studs, snaps, plugs and zips)  do to your daily use, we will repair it for you at no cost!!

          You just contact us by sending an email to: info@dancassab.com  with the Subject: REPAIR REQUEST tell us what the problem is and we will contact you to provide you with a shipping order label and you will simply have to print the label and drop off at your local DHL collection site.

          Please bear in mind that we cannot fix any kind of damage to the actual leather, repair services apply ONLY to garments hardware.

          Please send us all your doubts regarding the repair process to: info@dancassab.com

          FREQUENT QUESTIONS

          How do I take care of my DanCassab jacket?

          Take due care of your DanCassab jacket and keep it inside its protective bag. Do not use any chemical products or liquids on it.

          What happens if my DanCassab jacket looks different from the product photo?

          Dan Cassab products are carefully hand-made. Any difference in the leather or other components is due to the natural characteristics of the materials and must not be considered defects.

          Keep in mind that all images shown are rendered by a computer and the hand-made product may vary. The photos do not represent the exact appearance of the element under production. If you need more of the maximum characters, send an email to client attention service to: info@dancassab.com
