DANCASSAB WEBSITE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

DANCASSAB, S.A. DE C.V. (DANCASSAB), acting as owner of the website www.dancassab.com and with address in the business site located on Monte Athos 155, Virreyes, Lomas de Chapultepec, Mexico City, Mexico, Zip Code 11000, (store), issues the following terms and conditions of use and purchase on it.

Using the website www.dancassab.com by browsing it or purchasing any product, is ruled by these Terms and Conditions of Use and Purchase. It generates a legally binding agreement between the user and DANCASSAB; In case of purchasing online, you will be subject to the terms and conditions of the shopping platform “shopify”. Ordering any product offered on the website www.dancassab.com, implies that you are over 18 years old and have the legal capacity to execute any contract in Mexico.

The use of the website www.dancassab.com is to visualize each garment that is offered  by DANCASSAB, so to be able to process your purchases you will be governed by the next provisions:

    1. To make a purchase, you must provide the necessary data required by us to process your order and subsequent purchase, such data is protected in agreement with our privacy notice and with the terms of use of "shopify". The required data must be provided accurately and truthfully. If we are not provided with the required information, we will not be able to process your purchase request.

    2. You must order within the law, without providing fraudulent or false information.

    3. You assume an authorization of payment for the total amount of your order, according to the price offered and accepted, whether it has been set in Mexican pesos or in US dollars.

    4. Your order will be considered valid once DANCASSAB's acceptance of it has been confirmed by issuing a confirmation email, which will formalize your order.

    5. All products are subject to availability. We are entitled to withdraw any product from our page at any time and not to restock it. 

    6. Products delivery is made by DANCASSAB and the delivery times will depend on the place of delivery, which ranges from 7 to 15 business days.

    7. Deliveries with the signature of acceptance by the buyer, user or the person who receives it at the indicated address will be deemed complete.

    8. If delivery cannot be completed, your product must be returned to our physical store. You can communicate either by email to info@dancasaab.com or to our telephone numbers __________ so that we can indicate the times and manner of recollection of your products in the store, so to proceed or to inform yourself about the new estimated shipping date. Shipping does not generate any cost.

    9. DANCASSAB DOES NOT accept return of goods; However, you can exchange merchandise in size or model within the following seven calendar days from the day of purchase, presenting evidence of payment through "shopify" or proof of purchase made directly in store. The garment to be exchanged must be sent by parcel or delivered to the address of our physical store located on Monte Athos 155, Virreyes, Lomas de Chapultepec, Mexico City, Mexico, 11000.
To exchange the garment, DANCASSAB will proceed to examine the conditions of it to verify that it is returned under the same conditions in which you received it, otherwise, the change will not proceed.

    10. In case the garment chosen for exchange exceeds the cost of the garment originally purchased, the difference of the amount of the cost must be paid. If the garment chosen for exchange is less expensive, DANCASSAB will reimburse the amount in store credit to the customer to future purchases, which will be valid for a period of one year from the date of acquisition.

    11. DANCASSAB's responsibility in relation to any product purchased on our website or in our physical store will be strictly limited to the purchase price of the product purchased.

Intellectual property related to DANCASSAB including, without limitation, copyrights, designs, trademarks and other rights to the materials or content published on the website www.dancassab.com are owned by DANCASSAB or to those who have authorized their use. To make use of any of the referred materials, you must request it in writing from DANCASSAB.

User undertakes not to misuse the website www.dancassab.com either by attempting to break its security or by the intentional introduction of viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or any other program or material that is technologically harmful, in whose case will be infringing Mexican Federal laws and international Treaties, so DANCASSAB is entitled to sue.

Any dispute will be resolved under the mexican law and jurisdiction.  

